---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_domain Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates account wide domains to be used in your projects.
---

# vercel_domain (Resource)

Creates account wide domains to be used in your projects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vercel_domain" "google-com" {
  name = "google.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the production domain.

### Optional

- **team_id** (String) By default, you can access resources contained within your own user account. To access resources owned by a team, you can pass in the team ID

### Read-Only

- **bought_at** (Number) If it was purchased through Vercel, the date when it was purchased.
- **cdn_enabled** (Boolean) Whether the domain has the Vercel Edge Network enabled or not.
- **created_at** (Number) The date when the domain was created in the registry.
- **expires_at** (Number) The date at which the domain is set to expire. null if not bought with Vercel.
- **id** (String) Unique id for this variable.
- **intended_nameservers** (List of String) A list of the intended nameservers for the domain to point to Vercel DNS.
- **nameservers** (List of String) A list of the current nameservers of the domain.
- **ns_verified_at** (Number) The date at which the domain's nameservers were verified based on the intended set.
- **service_type** (String) The type of service the domain is handled by. external if the DNS is externally handled, or zeit.world if handled with Vercel.
- **transfer_started_at** (Number) If transferred into Vercel, The date when the domain transfer was initiated
- **transferred_at** (Number) The date at which the domain was successfully transferred into Vercel. null if the transfer is still processing or was never transferred in.
- **txt_verified_at** (Number) The date at which the domain's TXT DNS record was verified.
- **verification_record** (String) The ID of the verification record in the registry.
- **verified** (Boolean) If the domain has the ownership verified.


## Importing

Domains can be imported from Vercel using the domain name itself, e.g:

```
$ terraform import vercel_domain.domain example.com
```

For team domains, prefix the domain name with the team slug followed by a slash (`/`), e.g:

```
$ terraform import vercel_domain.domain my-team/example.com
```

The team slug can be found in the URL for any team screen in Vercel's web interface.

Slashes in the team slug may be URL-escaped (percent-encoded) if needed.

