---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vercel_project Resource - terraform-provider-vercel"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  https://vercel.com/docs/api#endpoints/projects
---

# vercel_project (Resource)

https://vercel.com/docs/api#endpoints/projects

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vercel_project" "my_project" {
  name = "mercury"
  git_repository {
    type = "github"
    repo = "chronark/mercury"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **git_repository** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The git repository that will be connected to the project. Any pushes to the specified connected git repository will be automatically deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_repository))
- **name** (String) The name of the project.

### Optional

- **alias** (List of String) A list of production domains for the project.
- **build_command** (String) The build command for this project. When null is used this value will be automatically detected.
- **dev_command** (String) The dev command for this project. When null is used this value will be automatically detected.
- **domain** (Block List, Max: 1) Add a domain to the project by passing the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domain))
- **framework** (String) The framework that is being used for this project. When null is used no framework is selected.
- **install_command** (String) The install command for this project. When null is used this value will be automatically detected.
- **node_version** (String) The Node.js Version for this project.
- **output_directory** (String) The output directory of the project. When null is used this value will be automatically detected.
- **public_source** (Boolean) Specifies whether the source code and logs of the deployments for this project should be public or not.
- **root_directory** (String) The name of a directory or relative path to the source code of your project. When null is used it will default to the project root.
- **serverless_function_region** (String) The region to deploy Serverless Functions in this project.
- **team_id** (String) By default, you can access resources contained within your own user account. To access resources owned by a team, you can pass in the team ID

### Read-Only

- **account_id** (String) The unique ID of the user or team the project belongs to.
- **created_at** (Number) A number containing the date when the project was created in milliseconds.
- **id** (String) Internal id of this project
- **updated_at** (Number) A number containing the date when the project was updated in milliseconds.

<a id="nestedblock--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_repository`

Required:

- **repo** (String) The name of the git repository. For example: `chronark/terraform-provider-vercel`
- **type** (String) The git provider of the repository. Must be either `github`, `gitlab`, or `bitbucket`.

<a id="nestedblock--domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the production domain.

Optional:

- **git_branch** (String) it branch for the domain to be auto assigned to. The Project's production branch is the default (null).
- **redirect** (String) Target destination domain for redirect.
- **redirect_status_code** (Number) The redirect status code (301, 302, 307, 308).


## Importing

Use the Vercel `projectID`, e.g:

```
$ terraform import vercel_project.app prj_qgfWWlgVzRgIkrGVjhDi6ovmmsx8
```

For team projects, prefix the project id with the team id followed by a slash (`/`), e.g:

```
$ terraform import vercel_project.team_app team_y4tZByVi8ZSPSvHGptjP21Lu/prj_caqJd29Md3VVCUQogqsBgeSNPSJO
```

Slashes in the project or team IDs may be URL-escaped (percent-encoded) if needed.
